# IRCS

IRCS2 control is implemented as one of the ‘Must Controls’ required to be performed on monthly basis, within the scope of data check of modelling or reserving input. The control performs a reconciliation check between relevant information from IT raw data as an input in Data Validator (“DV”) to produce to model point input of RAFM (“Risk Agility Financial Model”). The control is expected to demonstrate the completeness of the model point used in projection as compared to the relevant raw data provided and identify any discrepancies between the source and the output.
IRCS2 control was performed using Microsoft Excel, with a combination of macro-based features in place. An automation initiative has been undertaken, not only to improve time efficiency in performing controls, but also to improve robustness and minimise risks of human error within the control.

IRCS3 control is implemented as one of the ‘Must Controls’ required to be performed on quarterly basis, within the scope of cash flow files. This control is the subsequent control from IRCS 2, where it is expected that IRCS 2 must pass to satisfy the completeness of IRCS3. This control performs a reconciliation check between cash flow files generated by RAFM (“Risk Agility Financial Model”) cash flow data as input to ARGO CSM engine for IFRS 17 reporting. The control is expected to demonstrate the completeness and accuracy of the cash flow projection input formatted in the ARGO template as compared to the cash flow generated by RAFM provided and identify any discrepancies between the source and the output.
IRCS3 control was performed using Microsoft Excel, with a combination of macro-based features in place. An automation initiative has been undertaken, not only to improve time efficiency in performing controls, but also to improve robustness and minimise risks of human error within the control.

This Repository is built to house the IRCS automation for IFRS17 Actuarial Reporting Team of Allianz Indonesia

> Read the full automation report and SOP [here](https://allianzms.sharepoint.com/:f:/r/teams/ID0002-5620391/Shared%20Documents/Actuary_03/13.%20Employee%20Folder/Dosemon/IFRS17/IRCS%20Control%20Folder?csf=1&web=1&e=JP7AtI)
